Demo level completed

a) Data-Microsoft Fabric hierarchy
b) SSBI Example 

How many types of data available?
	Three types	a) Structured	b) Semi-structured 	c)Un-structured

How many formats of data available?
	Two formats
	a) File	b) Database Tables


How many types of IT applications aviailable and their differences?
	Two types
	a) OLTP: Online Transaction Processing

		1. Day - Day business data
		2. Data supports viewing, insert, update, delete etc. operations
		3. Data Volatality
		4. Less number of records available [normalized model--More tables, small size tables]
		5. Data volume size is less
		6. General public use it [they use "Desktop/Web forms" for their operations]
		

	b) OLAP: Online Analytical Processing
		1. Day - Day Analysis of data
		2. Data supports viewing majorly[ no support to insert, update, delete etc. operations]
		3. Data Non-Volatality [no change of data]
		4. More number of records available [de-normalized model-Less tables available, more sized tables]
		5. Data volume size is more, supports history and incremental refresh operations
		6. Analytical or Management Team  use it [they use "Reports / Dashboards" for their operations]
What is BI?
	Business Intelligence, Intelligent information of a business. Simply decision making data of a business.

What is the Input and Output of BI?
	Input: Any type, Any format, Any storage
	Output: Reports / Dashboards

What are the layers required to construct a BI project?
	a) ETL layer: Data Gathering
	b) DWH Layer: Data Storing
	c) Semantic Layer: Data Analysis
	d) Reporting Layer: Data Presentation

What is MSBI?
	a) The first BI end-end solution from Microsoft
	b) MSBI is a SSBI suite with multiple tools to perform end-end operations and generate reports and dashboards
		from data.
	Tools:
	SSIS: SQL Server Integration Services: ETL process: Data Extract, Transform, and Load
	SSAS: SQL Server Analysis Services: Semantic process: Data Storage [Cube] and Analytical operations
	SSRS: SQL Server Reporting Services: Reporting process: Data Presentation
	
	Announced: 2005
What is Power BI?

	Simple definition: Adding more Power to Existing BI
	Detailed defintiion:
		Power BI is a low-code cloud and on-premise supportive Self Service BI application with 
		multiple concepts to generates reports and dashboards from data.

	Concepts: Power Query, Power Pivot, Power View, Power Map etc.
	Announced: 2013-July

What is Azure BI?
	
	Azure: It is MicroSoft Cloud platform where we see multiple services [iaas, paas, ssas etc.].
		Ex: Infrastructure, Data Science, AI, BI, Networking, VM, Storage etc.

	If you use BI components in Azure platform, then we can consider as "Azure BI"[not physically available]

	Major components
	a)ADF: Azure Data Factory: Cloud ETL Process
	b) AAS: Azure Analysis Services: Cloud Analytical component
	c) Synapse: Cloud semantics, storage and data science related implementation component
	d) Snowflake: More storage area etc.

	Note: MSBI, Power BI softwares physically available.

	Google drive: STorage cloud
	One Drive: Storage cloud








What is Power Platform?

What is Microsoft Fabric?
	It is a AI based solution with multiple components
	a) Power BI	b)ADF	c) Synapse	d) Data Activator


	Announced: 2023-June

Power BI Components...